---
id: 168
title: Denomination
date: 2016-02-09T22:03:39+00:00
author: erinohmin
layout: page
guid: http://localhost:8080/wordpress/?page_id=168
organizer:
  - null
places:
  - null
ev-from:
  - null
ev-from-h:
  - null
ev-from-m:
  - null
ev-to:
  - null
ev-to-h:
  - null
ev-to-m:
  - null
ev-repeat:
  - null
ev-repeat-every:
  - null
ev-repeat-option:
  - null
ev-until:
  - null
ev-end_count:
  - null
featured:
  - null
order:
  - null
---
**How does Ouachita Hills fit into the organized work of the Seventh-day Adventist 
church?**

Ouachita Hills Academy and College is a Seventh-day Adventist self-supporting institution 
that operates in accordance with the fundamental beliefs and practices of the Seventh-day 
Adventist Church. Ouachita Hills Ministries, Inc. is a participating organization within 
[Adventist-Laymen Services and Industries](http://www.asiministries.org) (ASI) and is 
recognized by the Arkansas-Louisiana Conference of Seventh-day Adventists as an integral 
part of the ministry and mission of the Arkansas-Louisiana Conference.

**Who are Seventh-day Adventists?**

The study of the Bible in general and prophecy in particular became the catalyst that 
brought the Seventh-day Adventist Church into existence in the 1840s. Yet, it was not 
until 1863 when Adventist pioneers organized the new denomination with 3,500 members 
worshipping in 125 churches in North America that the Seventh-day Adventist church was 
officially born. Today, the Adventist Church has over 16 million members in over 200 
countries around the world. Adventists also operate the largest Protestant hospital and 
educational systems in the world in addition to operating publishing houses and 
humanitarian organizations. For more information, please visit 
[www.adventist.org](http://www.adventist.org).

**What do Seventh-day Adventists believe?**

Adventists believe that the Bible and the Bible only is the standard of all doctrines and 
the basis of all reforms. As a result, several key Biblical teachings compose the 
immovable pillars upon which Adventists build their entire system of doctrines, lifestyle 
practices, worship, and mission. These pillars are made up of the Sanctuary Doctrine; the 
Three Angelsâ€™ Messages of Revelation 14; the Sabbath; the Immutability of the Law; the 
Non-immortality of the Soul; and the Second Coming of Jesus. For more information, please 
visit [www.adventist.org/beliefs](http://www.adventist.org/beliefs).